Extra Variables added for INCORE specific (#36)
ncsa/datawolf: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- User information to environment of process running the tool [#28](https://github.com/ncsa/datawolf/issues/28)

> - Extra environment variables for IN-CORE specific [#35](https://github.com/ncsa/datawolf/issues/35)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability for extra environment variables (used by IN-CORE) [#35](https://github.com/ncsa/datawolf/issues/35)
```

Author: Updated as suggested
